# CS330_Mod8
#How do I approach designing software?
I approach designing software by first figuring out what it is I want to create. Once I know what I want to create I then get into the how- how am I going to create it? A new design skill I learned to help me in this course is breaking down step-by-step and if I am unfamilair with how I am going to execute a step I mark it so that I can revisit that step later on after doing more research. A design process I followed the most is the requirements analysis. This process is important as I needed to fully understand what is being asked of me and what is required. These tactics can be applied in future work as createing a requirement analysis helps save myself an immense amount of time by making sure I have all the information I need upfront and organized rather than walking through the given directions as I go and hope for the best. 

#How do I approach developing programs?
A development strategy I followed while working on my 3D scene is the agile method. This method consisted of repeatedly going through the develop and test steps until my scene looked how I wanted it to. Iteration was always a piece in my development, for example when I was creating one of my objects I would create one shape, size it, and postion it to where I think it would be ballpark. Then I would test it and see if the object was too big or small and if it was in the general area I wanted it to be placed. Then I would repeat these steps until all aspects(size, position, texture) were to my liking. I think as the weeks went on I was able to create objects and texture them much quicker once I understood each meaning of each line and how it affects creating a shape.

#How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Computer graphics really did give me a new perspective of computer science as I was able to visually see how the code I was writing created a scene. I think this will help me in my educational pathway as I would like to take another course similar to this course where I can learn more about computer graphics and what more you can create with it. For my professional pathway, I would be interested in seeing how far I can go with computer graphics as this is has been one of my favorite classes so far and it can be applied to the real world as so many games and media today is used with computer graphics. 
